README.md, before:

# The Employee Tracker

  The Employee Tracker is an application that keeps tracks of all the employees in a company. It allows employees to be tracked by their role in the company, the department they work in, and their manager.

  ![License: Unlicense](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Unlicense-blue.svg)

  ***

  ## Table of Contents:

  1. [How to Install The Employee Tracker](#Installation)
  2. [Using The Employee Tracker](#How%20To%20Use%20This%20Application)
  3. [Testing The Employee Tracker](#Test%20Code)
  4. [Contribution Guidlines](#Contribution%20Guidelines)
  5. [Ask Us Questions](#Ask%20Questions)
  6. [Licenses](#License)

  ***

  ## Installation

  Run npm install on the server.js file to download the dependencies necessary for this application to run.

  ## How to Use This Application

  use node to run the server.js file. The user will receive prompts that will allow them to view all departments, roles, and employees in the comapny, to create a new department, role, or employee, or to update an employee's information.

  ![Employee Tracker in action](/Assets/images/Employee_Tracker.png)
  
  When creating or modifying a new entry into one of the tables the user will be given some prompts that require either input to be typed or to be selected from a list.  
  
  If the user selects to view all employees, roles, or departments they will be presented with a table that contains all the data linked to their query.

  ## Test Code

  No test we used in the development of this application.

  ## Contribution Guidelines

  Please check that your code functions correctly before making a merge request.

  ## Ask Questions

  Visit my GitHub Page: [My GitHub Profile Page](https://github.com/AlvinZC4)
 -OR-
 Drop me an e-mail at: alvinzcoxiv@gmail.com

  ## License

  This applicaton is covered under the Public Domain (Unlicense)

Commit message:

added step to clone repository from github in the installation section of the README

README.md, after:

# The Employee Tracker

  The Employee Tracker is an application that keeps tracks of all the employees in a company. It allows employees to be tracked by their role in the company, the department they work in, and their manager.

  ![License: Unlicense](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Unlicense-blue.svg)

  ***

  ## Table of Contents:

  1. [How to Install The Employee Tracker](#Installation)
  2. [Using The Employee Tracker](#How%20To%20Use%20This%20Application)
  3. [Testing The Employee Tracker](#Test%20Code)
  4. [Contribution Guidlines](#Contribution%20Guidelines)
  5. [Ask Us Questions](#Ask%20Questions)
  6. [Licenses](#License)

  ***

  ## Installation

  Clone the Employee Tracker respository from the application's author's GitHub page (given below). Run npm install on the server.js file to download the dependencies necessary for this application to run.

  ## How to Use This Application

  use node to run the server.js file. The user will receive prompts that will allow them to view all departments, roles, and employees in the comapny, to create a new department, role, or employee, or to update an employee's information.

  ![Employee Tracker in action](/Assets/images/Employee_Tracker.png)
  
  When creating or modifying a new entry into one of the tables the user will be given some prompts that require either input to be typed or to be selected from a list.  
  
  If the user selects to view all employees, roles, or departments they will be presented with a table that contains all the data linked to their query.

  ## Test Code

  No test we used in the development of this application.

  ## Contribution Guidelines

  Please check that your code functions correctly before making a merge request.

  ## Ask Questions

  Visit my GitHub Page: [My GitHub Profile Page](https://github.com/AlvinZC4)
 -OR-
 Drop me an e-mail at: alvinzcoxiv@gmail.com

  ## License

  This applicaton is covered under the Public Domain (Unlicense)
